com/app/appliitunes/app/Hilt_ItunesApp.java
 com.app.appliitunes.app.Hilt_ItunesApp
 com.app.appliitunes.app.Hilt_ItunesApp$1
com/app/appliitunes/remote/database/ItunesDao_Impl.java
 com.app.appliitunes.remote.database.ItunesDao_Impl
 com.app.appliitunes.remote.database.ItunesDao_Impl$1
 com.app.appliitunes.remote.database.ItunesDao_Impl$2
 com.app.appliitunes.remote.database.ItunesDao_Impl$3
com/app/appliitunes/ui/Hilt_MainActivity.java
 com.app.appliitunes.ui.Hilt_MainActivity
 com.app.appliitunes.ui.Hilt_MainActivity$1
com/app/appliitunes/app/ItunesApp_ComponentTreeDeps.java
 com.app.appliitunes.app.ItunesApp_ComponentTreeDeps
com/app/appliitunes/app/DaggerItunesApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC.java
 com.app.appliitunes.app.DaggerItunesApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC
 com.app.appliitunes.app.DaggerItunesApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$1
 com.app.appliitunes.app.DaggerItunesApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityCBuilder
 com.app.appliitunes.app.DaggerItunesApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityCImpl
 com.app.appliitunes.app.DaggerItunesApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCBuilder
 com.app.appliitunes.app.DaggerItunesApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl
 com.app.appliitunes.app.DaggerItunesApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 com.app.appliitunes.app.DaggerItunesApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$Builder
 com.app.appliitunes.app.DaggerItunesApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$FragmentCBuilder
 com.app.appliitunes.app.DaggerItunesApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$FragmentCImpl
 com.app.appliitunes.app.DaggerItunesApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCBuilder
 com.app.appliitunes.app.DaggerItunesApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCImpl
 com.app.appliitunes.app.DaggerItunesApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$SwitchingProvider
 com.app.appliitunes.app.DaggerItunesApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewCBuilder
 com.app.appliitunes.app.DaggerItunesApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewCImpl
 com.app.appliitunes.app.DaggerItunesApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewModelCBuilder
 com.app.appliitunes.app.DaggerItunesApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewModelCImpl
 com.app.appliitunes.app.DaggerItunesApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewModelCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 com.app.appliitunes.app.DaggerItunesApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewWithFragmentCBuilder
 com.app.appliitunes.app.DaggerItunesApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewWithFragmentCImpl
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
com/app/appliitunes/remote/database/ItunesDatabase_Impl.java
 com.app.appliitunes.remote.database.ItunesDatabase_Impl
 com.app.appliitunes.remote.database.ItunesDatabase_Impl$1
com/app/appliitunes/viewModel/ItunesModel_Factory.java
 com.app.appliitunes.viewModel.ItunesModel_Factory
com/app/appliitunes/di/ItunesModule_DataToDaoFactory.java
 com.app.appliitunes.di.ItunesModule_DataToDaoFactory
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/app/appliitunes/databinding/ItemLayoutBindingImpl.java
 com.app.appliitunes.databinding.ItemLayoutBindingImpl
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_app_appliitunes_viewModel_ItunesModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_app_appliitunes_viewModel_ItunesModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_app_appliitunes_ui_HomeFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_app_appliitunes_ui_HomeFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/app/appliitunes/app/ItunesApp_HiltComponents.java
 com.app.appliitunes.app.ItunesApp_HiltComponents
 com.app.appliitunes.app.ItunesApp_HiltComponents$ActivityC
 com.app.appliitunes.app.ItunesApp_HiltComponents$ActivityC$Builder
 com.app.appliitunes.app.ItunesApp_HiltComponents$ActivityCBuilderModule
 com.app.appliitunes.app.ItunesApp_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC
 com.app.appliitunes.app.ItunesApp_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC$Builder
 com.app.appliitunes.app.ItunesApp_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedCBuilderModule
 com.app.appliitunes.app.ItunesApp_HiltComponents$FragmentC
 com.app.appliitunes.app.ItunesApp_HiltComponents$FragmentC$Builder
 com.app.appliitunes.app.ItunesApp_HiltComponents$FragmentCBuilderModule
 com.app.appliitunes.app.ItunesApp_HiltComponents$ServiceC
 com.app.appliitunes.app.ItunesApp_HiltComponents$ServiceC$Builder
 com.app.appliitunes.app.ItunesApp_HiltComponents$ServiceCBuilderModule
 com.app.appliitunes.app.ItunesApp_HiltComponents$SingletonC
 com.app.appliitunes.app.ItunesApp_HiltComponents$ViewC
 com.app.appliitunes.app.ItunesApp_HiltComponents$ViewC$Builder
 com.app.appliitunes.app.ItunesApp_HiltComponents$ViewCBuilderModule
 com.app.appliitunes.app.ItunesApp_HiltComponents$ViewModelC
 com.app.appliitunes.app.ItunesApp_HiltComponents$ViewModelC$Builder
 com.app.appliitunes.app.ItunesApp_HiltComponents$ViewModelCBuilderModule
 com.app.appliitunes.app.ItunesApp_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC
 com.app.appliitunes.app.ItunesApp_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC$Builder
 com.app.appliitunes.app.ItunesApp_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentCBuilderModule
com/app/appliitunes/viewModel/ItunesModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.app.appliitunes.viewModel.ItunesModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.app.appliitunes.viewModel.ItunesModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/app/appliitunes/databinding/FragmentHomeBindingImpl.java
 com.app.appliitunes.databinding.FragmentHomeBindingImpl
dagger/hilt/internal/aggregatedroot/codegen/_com_app_appliitunes_app_ItunesApp.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.aggregatedroot.codegen._com_app_appliitunes_app_ItunesApp
com/app/appliitunes/di/ItunesModule_ApiServiceFactory.java
 com.app.appliitunes.di.ItunesModule_ApiServiceFactory
 com.app.appliitunes.di.ItunesModule_ApiServiceFactory$InstanceHolder
com/app/appliitunes/ui/HomeFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.app.appliitunes.ui.HomeFragment_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_app_appliitunes_ui_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_app_appliitunes_ui_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/app/appliitunes/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.app.appliitunes.DataBindingTriggerClass
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_app_appliitunes_di_ItunesModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_app_appliitunes_di_ItunesModule
com/app/appliitunes/app/ItunesApp_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.app.appliitunes.app.ItunesApp_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_app_appliitunes_viewModel_ItunesModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_app_appliitunes_viewModel_ItunesModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
dagger/hilt/internal/processedrootsentinel/codegen/_com_app_appliitunes_app_ItunesApp.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.processedrootsentinel.codegen._com_app_appliitunes_app_ItunesApp
com/app/appliitunes/BR.java
 com.app.appliitunes.BR
com/app/appliitunes/repository/ItunesRepo_Factory.java
 com.app.appliitunes.repository.ItunesRepo_Factory
com/app/appliitunes/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.app.appliitunes.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.app.appliitunes.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.app.appliitunes.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/app/appliitunes/viewModel/ItunesModel_HiltModules.java
 com.app.appliitunes.viewModel.ItunesModel_HiltModules
 com.app.appliitunes.viewModel.ItunesModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.app.appliitunes.viewModel.ItunesModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/app/appliitunes/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.app.appliitunes.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/app/appliitunes/databinding/ItemLayoutBinding.java
 com.app.appliitunes.databinding.ItemLayoutBinding
com/app/appliitunes/ui/Hilt_HomeFragment.java
 com.app.appliitunes.ui.Hilt_HomeFragment
com/app/appliitunes/ui/MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.app.appliitunes.ui.MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/app/appliitunes/BuildConfig.java
 com.app.appliitunes.BuildConfig
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_app_appliitunes_app_ItunesApp_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_app_appliitunes_app_ItunesApp_GeneratedInjector
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
com/app/appliitunes/di/ItunesModule_RoomDbFactory.java
 com.app.appliitunes.di.ItunesModule_RoomDbFactory
